# How this app is structured

It is a webpack project, so there are two folders: "dist" and "src".

## "src"-folder:  

- index.js:       Import and execute all necessary functions from the other js-files to run the app. 
- view.js:        Put here all functions and objects which renders HTML elements.
- model.js:       Put here all functions and objects which have to do with data.
- controller.js:  Put here all functions and objects which handle user inputs.

## "dist"-folder: 

- index.html:     Write basic HTML structure, a lot HTML is generated dynamically by JS
- main.js:        Minified js-file, used by index.html, generated by webpack using src/index.js as import
- main.js.map:    Maps minfied JS code of main.js to original JS code, very helpful for debugging
- reset.css:      Put here CSS to reset all CSS rules to avoid unexpected styling
- styl.css:       Put here CSS to style the elements of the app

## "root"-folder: 

- package.json:   Put dependencies here so that npm takes care of these
- package-lock.json: Guarantees that all installs have the same dependencies versions
- webpack.config.js: Configure behaviour of webpack
- .gitignore:     Put here all files you don't want to synch to github.


# How to install this app on Ubuntu

- Install git: [Follow along this guide](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
- Install npm: [Follow along this guide for doing it with nvm](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/master/foundations/installations/installing_node.md)
- Create on your local machine an empty directory called "todo-extended" (Or whatever name you like)
- Clone this Github repository into the created directory: [Follow along this guide](https://www.techiedelight.com/clone-a-git-repository-into-specific-folder/)
- Install webpack locally for this project: [Follow along this tutorial](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/)
- Run `npx webpack` to generate the latest main.js from index.js
- Open index.html in browser of your choice

# Tipps for better programming experience

- Use `npx webpack --watch` - This updates main.js as soon as there is a change
- Use live server - Then your app is updated in the browser as soon as there is a change

# ESLint

- ESLint is a linter. [Linting is something that can AUTOMATICALLY find the dumb mistakes we all make](https://mikecavaliere.com/javascript-linting-what-developers-need-to-know/), so you can fix them without thinking. It’ll make your code break less and prevent some very confusing problems. Often Linters use Style Guides like the Airbnb Style Guide, Google Style Guide or JavaScript Standard Style. These style guides come with predefined rules what to check for. In this project we use The JavaScript Standard Style. You can add or change rules to fit your needs.